# AI-Practice-Homework  

A notebook attempting to recreate an earlier notebook using only AI prompts to acquire code. This notebook works with a credit card fraud dataset to create visualizations to explore the data. It also creates two models, a never-fraud model and a KNN model, to make predictions on credit card charges. 

### Reflection
One of the concrete benefits of using AI to make the notebook was the speed at which it could complete code. With a prompt, it was easy to output code and immediately test it, and there were very few instances of trial and error or tweaking. The AI program, fed by other programmers, knew the steps to output the correct lines. However, there is danger in using AI to make this notebook without learning data science properly. Without experience making visualizations, its easy to create ones that are biased. In addition, non-data-scientists are more likely to not clean their dataset, leading to errors and null values, just as they might miss steps in making predictions. The AI is only as good as the prompts it is fed.
In several instances, I had to verify the AI output for correctness. Late in the assignment, part of my code threw an error, claiming that null values were still present in the dataset. Sure enough, when the AI had written code to create a clean dataset, it then failed to use the same variable name for the dataset in the future. This meant that all of the analysis and predictions were done on unclean data. Additionally, when the AI produced confusion matrices, it was important to check the output against the numbers in the original notebook. Though the AI can do a lot, it is easy to switch variable names. This is why it is important to check every step of the way. Verifying for correctness was simple in this case, because there was a preexisting notebook with code to compare the AI output. However, for programmers working off their own knowledge, it is important to verify code with previous experience and others in the data science community. 
